W-15904633: Add tls-calls policy example (#604)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: pdk/1.1/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-pdk-policy-templates.adoc

* https://github.com/mulesoft/pdk-custom-policy-examples/blob/main/simple-oauth-2-validation/README.md[Simple OAuth 2.0 Validation Policy Example^]: Use the Simple OAuth 2.0 Validation Policy as an example of how to implement xref:policies-pdk-configure-features-http-request.adoc[HTTP calls] in your custom policy.
* https://github.com/mulesoft/pdk-custom-policy-examples/blob/main/spike/README.md[Spike Policy Example]: Use the Spike Policy as an example of how to configure worker spike control by implementing xref:policies-pdk-configure-features-timer.adoc[periodic functions].
* https://github.com/mulesoft/pdk-custom-policy-examples/blob/main/query/README.md[Query Policy Example^]: Use the Query Policy as an example of how to handle xref:policies-pdk-configure-features-dataweave.adoc[DataWeave expressions] in your custom policy.

> * https://github.com/mulesoft/pdk-custom-policy-examples/blob/main/tls-calls/README.md[TLS Calls Policy Example^]: Use the tls-calls Policy as an example of how to make https calls in your policy without installing certificates on the OS running flex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://github.com/mulesoft/pdk-custom-policy-examples/blob/main/tls-calls/README.md[TLS Calls Policy Example^]: Use the TLS Calls Policy as an example of how to make HTTPS calls in your policy without installing certificates on the operating system running Flex Gateway.
```
